Okay so this is my adversarial game code and there are a lot of problems I need to fix
1. The main one is the adversary being able to help rather than reduce compared to the clean one. 
2. make sure the defender used here is modular meaning it can replaced later by another one 
3. Maybe if you wish you can try comparing returns rather than sharpe ratio. 
4. Add a evaluate function which evaluates the metrics like sharpe calmar max drawdown and other important ratios 
5. now the current one takes too much time to run, make it shorther acc to you and then do it at small level, then we scale up if it works well
6. dont remove the vae, you are free to change the vae code but not like directly attack the state cause then that would defeat the whole purpose. 
7. once this is done the plan is to add bandits for asset allocation and a probable quantum layer which i tried and didnt work because the lower game is itself not stable
8. Core is that it is a stackelbeg game with 3 loops that strucutre should not change 
9. the data is S and P 500 2014-19 from Kaggle if that helps.
10. I need you to make the changes one by one and then we can find whats the error.
11. if using returns remember that is log returns and seeing that is not good, make sure when prnintinh or comparing you standardise the return to annual one in percentage so that the interpretation is easy as well, same for other metrics
12. dont add stuffs like transaction costs, rho etc, those are over additions and might provide a temporary fix but do more harm if our inner core is not fixed.
13. so the goal right now, adversary should act correctly and not add noisy stuffs. remove everything you think is unncessary but keep what I said in mind - the core of it. like there should be a clear and realisitc comparison not wealth explosion or smth like that
14. I dont wanna ever see the graph issue again the two backward gradient flow in a single forward pass so I have tried very hard detaching them so if its conceptuall wrong then we might have to do something like scraping the entire dirichlet fn idk lets see.